Adds anonymous pulls procedure for image registry (#76038)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/anonymous-pulls.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * registry/accessing-the-registry.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="anonymous-pulls_{context}"]
= Anonymous pulls

> In some cases, administrators might want to enable anonymous pulls from the image registry, for example, when using CI/CD pipelines to streamline access to base images or reduce authentication overhead. To enable anonymous pulls, administrators must add unauthenticated groups to the `self-access-review` Cluster Role and grant the `system:image-puller` role to the `system:unauthenticated` group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, administrators might want to enable anonymous pulls from the image registry, for example, when using CI/CD pipelines to streamline access to base images or reduce authentication overhead. To enable anonymous pulls, administrators must add `system:unauthenticated` group to the `self-access-reviewer` Cluster Role and grant the `system:image-puller` role to the `system:unauthenticated` group.
```
